fix: update 4-projects readme to template (#436)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: 4-projects/README.md

<td>Bootstraps a Google Cloud organization, creating all the required resources
and permissions to start using the Cloud Foundation Toolkit (CFT). This
step also configures a CI/CD pipeline for foundations code in subsequent
stages.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a
href="https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/1-org">1-org</a></td>
<td>Sets up top level shared folders, monitoring and networking projects, and
organization-level logging, and sets baseline security settings through
organizational policy.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a
href="https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/2-environments">2-environments</a></td>
<td>Sets up development, non-production, and production environments within the
Google Cloud organization that you've created.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a
href="https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/tree/master/3-networks">3-networks</a></td>
<td>Sets up base and restricted shared VPCs with default DNS, NAT (optional),
Private Service networking, VPC service controls, on-premises Dedicated

> Interconnect, and baseline firewall rules for each environment. Also sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interconnect, and baseline firewall rules for each environment. It also sets
```

up the global DNS hub.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>4-projects (this file)</td>

> <td>Set up a folder structure, projects, and application infrastructure pipeline for applications,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Sets up a folder structure, projects, and application infrastructure pipeline for applications,
```

 which are connected as service projects to the shared VPC created in the previous stage.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

For an overview of the architecture and the parts, see the
[terraform-example-foundation README](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation).

## Purpose

> The purpose of this step is to set up a folder structure, projects, and infrastructure pipelines for applications that are connected as service projects to the shared VPC created in the previous stage. For each business unit, a shared `infra-pipeline` project is created along with Cloud Build triggers, CSRs for application infrastructure code, Google Cloud Storage buckets for state storage and follows the same [conventions](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation#branching-strategy) as the foundation pipeline deployed in [0-bootstrap](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/0-bootstrap/README.md). The cloudbuild SA used by this pipeline can impersonate the project SA by enabling the `enable_cloudbuild_deploy` flag and necessary roles can be granted to this SA via `sa_roles` as show in this [example](business_unit_1/development/example_base_shared_vpc_project.tf). This pipeline can be utilized for deploying resources in projects across development/non-production/production with granular permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this step is to set up the folder structure, projects, and infrastructure pipelines for applications that are connected as service projects to the shared VPC created in the previous stage. For each business unit, a shared `infra-pipeline` project is created along with Cloud Build triggers, CSRs for application infrastructure code and Google Cloud Storage buckets for state storage. This step follows the same [conventions](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation#branching-strategy) as the foundation pipeline deployed in [0-bootstrap](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/0-bootstrap/README.md). The Cloud Build SA used by this pipeline can impersonate the project SA by enabling the `enable_cloudbuild_deploy` flag and necessary roles can be granted to this SA via `sa_roles` as shown in this [example](business_unit_1/development/example_base_shared_vpc_project.tf). This pipeline can be utilized for deploying resources in projects across development/non-production/production with granular permissions.
```

## Prerequisites

1. 0-bootstrap executed successfully.
1. 1-org executed successfully.
1. 2-environments executed successfully.
1. 3-networks executed successfully.

> 1. Obtain the value for the access_context_manager_policy_id variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Obtain the value for the `access_context_manager_policy_id` variable.
```

   ```
   gcloud access-context-manager policies list --organization YOUR_ORGANIZATION_ID --format="value(name)"
   ```
1. Obtain the values for the `perimeter_name` for each environment variable.
   ```
   gcloud access-context-manager perimeters list --policy ACCESS_CONTEXT_MANAGER_POLICY_ID --format="value(name)"
   ```

**Troubleshooting:**

> If you does not have access to run the commands above and you are in the organization admins group, you can append `--impersonate-service-account=org-terraform@<SEED_PROJECT_ID>.iam.gserviceaccount.com` to run the command as the terraform service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have access to run the commands above and you are in the organization admins group, you can append `--impersonate-service-account=org-terraform@<SEED_PROJECT_ID>.iam.gserviceaccount.com` to run the command as the Terraform service account.
```

> If you does not have access to run the commands above and you are in the organization admins group, you can append `--impersonate-service-account=org-terraform@<SEED_PROJECT_ID>.iam.gserviceaccount.com` to run the command as the terraform service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you does not have access to run the commands above and you are in the organization admins group, you can append `--impersonate-service-account=org-terraform@<SEED_PROJECT_ID>.iam.gserviceaccount.com` to run the command as the Terraform service account.
```

> **Note:** If you have more then one service perimeter for each environment, you can also get the values from the `restricted_service_perimeter_name` output from each of the`3-networks` environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you have more than one service perimeter for each environment, you can also get the values from the `restricted_service_perimeter_name` output from each of the`3-networks` environments.
```

## Usage

### Deploying with Jenkins

> 1. Clone the repo you created manually in bootstrap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the repo you created manually in 0-bootstrap.
```

   ```
   git clone <YOUR_NEW_REPO-4-projects>
   ```

> 1. Navigate into the repo and change to a non production branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate into the repo and change to a non-production branch.
```

   ```
   cd YOUR_NEW_REPO_CLONE-4-projects
   git checkout -b plan
   ```
1. Copy contents of foundation to new repo.
   ```
   cp -RT ../terraform-example-foundation/4-projects/ .
   ```
1. Copy the Jenkinsfile script to the root of your new repository.
   ```
   cp ../terraform-example-foundation/build/Jenkinsfile .
   ```
1. Update the variables located in the `environment {}` section of the `Jenkinsfile` with values from your environment:
    ```
    _TF_SA_EMAIL
    _STATE_BUCKET_NAME
    _PROJECT_ID (the cicd project id)
    ```

> 1. Copy terraform wrapper script  to the root of your new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy Terraform wrapper script  to the root of your new repository.
```

> 1. Copy terraform wrapper script  to the root of your new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy Terraform wrapper script  to the root of your new repository.
```

1. Rename `development.auto.example.tfvars` to `development.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_d_shared_restricted`.
1. Rename `non-production.auto.example.tfvars` to `non-production.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_n_shared_restricted`.
1. Rename `production.auto.example.tfvars` to `production.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_p_shared_restricted`.
1. Commit changes.
   ```
   git add .
   git commit -m 'Your message'
   ```
1. Push your plan branch.
   ```
   git push --set-upstream origin plan
   ```
    - Assuming you configured an automatic trigger in your Jenkins Master (see [Jenkins sub-module README](../0-bootstrap/modules/jenkins-agent)), this will trigger a plan. You can also trigger a Jenkins job manually. Given the many options to do this in Jenkins, it is out of the scope of this document see [Jenkins website](http://www.jenkins.io) for more details.
1. Review the plan output in your Master's web UI.
1. Merge changes to production branch.
   ```
   git checkout -b production
   git push origin production
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (You might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (you might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).
```

1. After production has been applied, apply development and non-production.
1. Merge changes to development branch.
   ```
   git checkout -b development
   git push origin development
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (You might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (you might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).
```

1. Merge changes to non-production branch.
   ```
   git checkout -b non-production
   git push origin non-production
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (You might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Master's web UI (you might want to use the option to "Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now" in your Jenkins Master UI).
```

> 1. You can now move to the instructions in the step [4-projects](../4-projects/README.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You can now move to the instructions in the step [5-app-infra](../5-app-infra/README.md).
```

Reviewer 2: @bharathkkb should this line be moved to the Cloud Build section, since step 5-app-infra uses Cloud Build ?

Author: Yeah I think we should move to CB and also swap CB to be the first instruction.

### Deploying with Cloud Build

1. Clone repo.
   ```
   gcloud source repos clone gcp-projects --project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
   ```
1. Change freshly cloned repo and change to non-master branch.
   ```
   git checkout -b plan
   ```
1. Copy contents of foundation to new repo.
   ```
   cp -RT ../terraform-example-foundation/4-projects/ .
   ```

> 1. Copy cloud build configuration files for terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy Cloud Build configuration files for Terraform.
```

   ```
   cp ../terraform-example-foundation/build/cloudbuild-tf-* .
   ```

> 1. Copy terraform wrapper script to the root of your new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy Terraform wrapper script to the root of your new repository.
```

   ```
   cp ../terraform-example-foundation/build/tf-wrapper.sh .
   ```
1. Ensure wrapper script can be executed.
   ```
   chmod 755 ./tf-wrapper.sh
   ```
1. Rename `common.auto.example.tfvars` to `common.auto.tfvars` and update the file with values from your environment and bootstrap.
1. Rename `shared.auto.example.tfvars` to `shared.auto.tfvars` and update the file with values from your environment and bootstrap.
1. Rename `development.auto.example.tfvars` to `development.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_d_shared_restricted`.
1. Rename `non-production.auto.example.tfvars` to `non-production.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_n_shared_restricted`.
1. Rename `production.auto.example.tfvars` to `production.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_p_shared_restricted`.
1. Rename `access_context.auto.example.tfvars` to `access_context.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `access_context_manager_policy_id`.

> 1. You need to manually plan and apply only once the `business_unit_1/shared` environment since `development`, `non-production` and `production` depend on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You must manually plan and apply the `business_unit_1/shared` environment (only once) since the `development`, `non-production` and `production` environments depend on it.
```

1. Once you have done the instructions for the `business_unit_1`, you need to repeat same steps for `business_unit_2` folder.

> 1. Rename `business_unit_1.auto.example.tfvars` to `business_unit_1.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `app_infra_pipeline_cloudbuild_sa` which is the output of `cloudbuild_sa` from `business_unit_1` shared steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Rename `business_unit_1.auto.example.tfvars` to `business_unit_1.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `app_infra_pipeline_cloudbuild_sa` which is the output of `cloudbuild_sa` from `business_unit_1/shared` steps.
```

> 1. Rename `business_unit_2.auto.example.tfvars` to `business_unit_2.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `app_infra_pipeline_cloudbuild_sa` which is the output of `cloudbuild_sa` from `business_unit_2` shared steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Rename `business_unit_2.auto.example.tfvars` to `business_unit_2.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `app_infra_pipeline_cloudbuild_sa` which is the output of `cloudbuild_sa` from `business_unit_2/shared` steps.
```

1. Commit changes.
   ```
   git add .
   git commit -m 'Your message'
   ```
1. Push your plan branch to trigger a plan.
   ```
   git push --set-upstream origin plan
   ```

> 1. Review the plan output in your cloud build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the plan output in your Cloud Build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
```

1. Merge changes to production.
   ```
   git checkout -b production
   git push origin production
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your cloud build project. https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Cloud Build project. https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
```

1. Merge changes to development.
   ```
   git checkout -b development
   git push origin development
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your cloud build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Cloud Build project https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
```

1. Merge changes to non-production.
   ```
   git checkout -b non-production
   git push origin non-production
   ```

> 1. Review the apply output in your cloud build project. https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the apply output in your Cloud Build project. https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID
```

> ### Run terraform locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run Terraform locally
```

1. Rename `development.auto.example.tfvars` to `development.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_d_shared_restricted`.
1. Rename `non-production.auto.example.tfvars` to `non-production.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_n_shared_restricted`.
1. Rename `production.auto.example.tfvars` to `production.auto.tfvars` and update the file with the `perimeter_name` that starts with `sp_p_shared_restricted`.

> 1. Update backend.tf with your bucket from bootstrap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update `backend.tf` with your bucket from the bootstrap step.
```

   ```
   for i in `find -name 'backend.tf'`; do sed -i 's/UPDATE_ME/<YOUR-BUCKET-NAME>/' $i; done
   ```
   You can run `terraform output gcs_bucket_tfstate` in the 0-bootstrap folder to obtain the bucket name.

We will now deploy each of our environments(development/production/non-production) using this script.
When using Cloud Build or Jenkins as your CI/CD tool each environment corresponds to a branch is the repository for 4-projects step and only the corresponding environment is applied.

> To use the `validate` option of the `tf-wrapper.sh` script, the latest version of `terraform-validator` must be [installed](https://github.com/forseti-security/policy-library/blob/master/docs/user_guide.md#how-to-use-terraform-validator) in your system and in you `PATH`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the `validate` option of the `tf-wrapper.sh` script, the latest version of `terraform-validator` must be [installed](https://github.com/forseti-security/policy-library/blob/master/docs/user_guide.md#how-to-use-terraform-validator) in your system and in your `PATH`.
```
